capital = 257

set_research_slots = 3

1910.1.1 = {

set_technology = {

		# Infantry
		infantry_weapons = 1
		ww1infantry_weapons1 = 1
		support_weapons = 1
		infantry_binoculars = 1
		infantry_grenade = 1
		machine_gun = 1
		machine_gun_1 = 1
		ww1_ambulance1 = 1
		early_motorised = 1
		

		# Support
		tech_support = 1
		tech_engineers = 1
		tech_recon = 1
		tech_military_police = 1
		tech_maintenance_company = 1
		tech_field_hospital = 1
		tech_logistics_company = 1
		basic_train = 1

		# Armor
		gwtank=1 # 1910 Armored Car

		# Artillery
		light_field_gun1 = 1
		heavy_field_gun1 = 1
		interwar_antiair=1

		# Navy
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		basic_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		basic_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		ship_hull_super_heavy = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_light_battery = 1
		basic_medium_battery = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		basic_depth_charges = 1
		basic_secondary_battery = 1
		basic_heavy_armor_scheme = 1
		basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		mtg_transport = 1


		# Air

		# Engineering
		electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
		chemical_research = 1
		tank_unlocker1 = 1

		# Industry
		
		# Doctrine
		ww1_infantry = 1
		ww1_artillery = 1
		ww1_battlefield_support = 1
		mobile_doctrines = 1
		
	}
	
add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
	type = infantry_equipment_1
	amount = 20600
}
add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
	type = support_equipment
	amount = 200
}
add_manpower = 320000

set_convoys = 10

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1935.9.8"
	election_frequency = 36
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 18
	fascism = 15
	communism = 2
	neutrality = 65
}
recruit_character = POL_regency_council
recruit_character = POL_jozef_pilsudski

recruit_character = POL_gabriel_narutowicz
recruit_character = POL_ignacy_daszynski
recruit_character = POL_maurycy_klemens_zamoyski
recruit_character = POL_tadeusz_jordan_rozwadowski
recruit_character = POL_stanislaw_haller
recruit_character = POL_jozef_dowbor_musnicki
recruit_character = POL_edward_rydzsmigly
recruit_character = POL_jozef_haller
recruit_character = POL_stanislaw_szeptycki
recruit_character = POL_lucjan_zeligowski
recruit_character = POL_kazimierz_sosnkowski
recruit_character = POL_zygmunt_zielinski
recruit_character = POL_bogumil_nowotny
recruit_character = POL_kazimierz_porebski
recruit_character = POL_hipolit_lossowski
recruit_character = POL_gustaw_macewicz
recruit_character = POL_stefan_frankowski
recruit_character = POL_felix_dzerzhinsky

recruit_character = POL_adam_ludwik_i
recruit_character = POL_karol_stefan_i
recruit_character = POL_leopold_i
recruit_character = POL_albrecht_i
recruit_character = POL_fryderyk_krystian_i
recruit_character = POL_august_iv

recruit_character = POL_jedrzej_moraczewski
recruit_character = POL_leon_wasilewski
recruit_character = POL_ignacy_jan_paderewski
recruit_character = POL_wladyslaw_grabski
recruit_character = POL_stanislaw_wojciechowski
recruit_character = POL_eustachy_sapiecha
recruit_character = POL_maciej_rataj
recruit_character = POL_ignacy_matuszewski

recruit_character = POL_jan_jacyna }
