capital=271
set_research_slots = 3
oob="RAJ_1910"

		set_technology = {

		# Infantry
		infantry_weapons = 1
		ww1infantry_weapons1 = 1
		support_weapons = 1
		infantry_binoculars = 1
		infantry_grenade = 1
		machine_gun = 1
		machine_gun_1 = 1
		ww1_ambulance1 = 1
		early_motorised = 1
		

		# Support
		tech_support = 1
		tech_engineers = 1
		tech_recon = 1
		tech_military_police = 1
		tech_maintenance_company = 1
		tech_field_hospital = 1
		tech_logistics_company = 1
		basic_train = 1

		# Armor
		gwtank=1 # 1910 Armored Car

		# Artillery
		light_field_gun1 = 1
		heavy_field_gun1 = 1
		interwar_antiair=1

		# Navy
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		basic_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		basic_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		ship_hull_super_heavy = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_light_battery = 1
		basic_medium_battery = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		basic_depth_charges = 1
		basic_secondary_battery = 1
		basic_heavy_armor_scheme = 1
		basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		mtg_transport = 1


		# Air

		# Engineering
		electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
		chemical_research = 1
		tank_unlocker1 = 1

		# Industry
		
		# Doctrine
		ww1_infantry = 1
		ww1_artillery = 1
		ww1_battlefield_support = 1
		mobile_doctrines = 1
		
	}

set_cosmetic_tag = RAJ_UK

recruit_character = RAJ_gilbert_elliot
recruit_character = RAJ_bal_gangadhar_tilak
recruit_character = RAJ_keshav_baliram_hedgewar

recruit_character = RAJ_rajendra_prasad
recruit_character = RAJ_john_nixon
recruit_character = RAJ_charles_hardinge
recruit_character = RAJ_sir_charles_townshend
recruit_character = RAJ_mohandas_karamchand_gandhi

recruit_character = RAJ_abul_kalam_azad
recruit_character = RAJ_vallabhbhai_patel
recruit_character = RAJ_jawaharlal_nehru
recruit_character = RAJ_arthur_a_barrett
recruit_character = RAJ_james_willcocks
recruit_character = RAJ_havelock_hudson
recruit_character = RAJ_walter_braithwaite
recruit_character = RAJ_reginald_dyer
recruit_character = RAJ_william_e_parry
recruit_character = RAJ_ram_dass_katari
recruit_character = RAJ_louis_mountbatten
recruit_character = RAJ_agha_khan_iii
recruit_character = RAJ_sir_mohammed_iqbal
recruit_character = RAJ_sir_william_duke
recruit_character = RAJ_alexander_cobbe
recruit_character = RAJ_bhaskar_soman

set_politics = {
    ruling_party = neutrality
    last_election = "1910.1.1"
    election_frequency = 48
    elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
    democratic = 10
    fascism = 2
    communism = 1
    neutrality = 87
}
set_stability=0.38
set_convoys=150
